feat: added documentation for document creator config file (#5)
TradeTrust/documentation: src/using-document-creator.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: revert lock file ?

Author: ok will remove the lock file

> name: Using Document Creator

Reviewer: why isnt this in the readme ? is it deployed ?

> name: Using Document Creator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Document Creator
```

Author: ok

route: /using-document-creator
---

# Using TradeTrust Document Creator

> You can use the [document creator](https://creator.tradetrust.io) to create your document.

Reviewer: what does create mean in that case ? It's more than just a simple creation, documents are also issued

Author: ok will update it

To use this functionality, you will need a configuration file(`.json` file) and some pre-requisite informations.

## What is document creator about?

> It's to provide a UI to the staffs that are involve with the daily operations who do not need to know anything about blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's to provide a UI to the staffs that are involved with the daily operations who do not need to know anything about blockchain.
```

Author: ok

## Why do we do this?

Mainly because we want to cater to small firms or companies that doesn't really have the capabilities to build deep integration with their existing softwares or workflows.

## How is this document creator helping small firms and companies?

One way is for the IT department or someone who is tech savvy enough, can set up the configuration file and clerks or staffs can use this document creator to create the documents.

## Pre-requisite

> Before you construct your configuration file(`.json` file), please ensure you have these:

Reviewer: there are 3 TODOs page in the list :eyes:

Author: yup, which will be updated soon, in other PRs

- [Etherum Wallet](./deploying-store)
- [Document Store (for verifiable document)](./deploying-store)
- [Token Registry (for transferable document)](./token-registry)
- [Configured DNS](/dns-txt#how-to-create-dns-txt-record)
- [Custom Renderer](./custom-template)

Please refer to the approprate links to prepare them.

## Configuration file

> This configuration file is a JSON file that contains information to configure the application to suit your business needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file is a JSON file that contains information to configure the application to suit your business needs.
```

Author: ok

### Config file structure

```json
{
  "network": "ropsten",

>   "wallet": "{\"address\":\"6a36c563a5350d7be66c801f901a67e413adbdfa\",\"id\":\"9e2d12d0-fb5b-49d4-9aa4-a0eb5b665233\",\"version\":3,\"Crypto\":{\"cipher\":\"aes-128-ctr\",\"cipherparams\":{\"iv\":\"127c21b337a16bc24621e24e73614378\"},\"ciphertext\":\"a78db406835261f59394397b2682088eb2ada80552908bd5cfd92c915def4c54\",\"kdf\":\"scrypt\",\"kdfparams\":{\"salt\":\"8bb0ac10564a4297c6f934fd6a08c25cd3f7958b31dd13eb6e0e30eebd8fcaba\",\"n\":131072,\"dklen\":32,\"p\":1,\"r\":8},\"mac\":\"1b1821d6f4186ce34952196142602ffacffff6f3a5a603c7cd02d301c47ab697\"},\"x-ethers\":{\"client\":\"ethers.js\",\"gethFilename\":\"UTC--2020-07-24T03-18-04.0Z--6a36c563a5350d7be66c801f901a67e413adbdfa\",\"mnemonicCounter\":\"8cf993a436e09d6f06d81dec993c6fec\",\"mnemonicCiphertext\":\"56a1a1d07a1d856514fc7fb03c553a77\",\"path\":\"m/44'/60'/0'/0/0\",\"version\":\"0.1\"}}",

Reviewer: might be worth to not display the wallet, it overflows the page

Author: ok

Author: ok shorten it

  "forms": [{...}]
}
```

### `"network"` field

The `network` field is a string that refers to the network in which the document is created in.

### `"wallet"` field

> The `wallet` field is a string that refers to your etherum wallet.

Reviewer: is it explained somewhere how to get the wallet as json

> To convert the wallet to a string like the above use this [online tool](https://tools.knowledgewalls.com/jsontostring).

Reviewer: is it explained somewhere how to get the wallet as json ? Because this suppose you already have a json file as input

Author: ok i'll add the link to get the wallet as json

Author: And it should be in the deploy store where we will explain how to get the wallet. but it is not done yet.

Author: yup in the pre requisite where there is a link that tell the user where to get the wallet json file

### Forms structure

> The `forms` field is an array of form object. The required fields for each form is `name`, `type`, `defaults` and `schema`. Other field such as `attachments` is also recognised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `forms` field is an array of form object which expect `name`, `type`, `defaults` and `schema`. `attachments` can also be added.
```

Author: ok

Author: ok

```json
{
  "name": "Bill of Lading",
  "type": "TRANSFERABLE_RECORD",
  "defaults": {...},
  "schema": {...},

>   "attachments": {...}

Reviewer: it's not an array ?

Reviewer: it's not an array indeed, but plural is weird imho but not related to the doc

Author: ok, if there is a change then I'll update the doc accordingly.

}
```

### `"name"` field

> The `name` field is a string that refers to the name of the document.

Reviewer: This is not informative, if I read this without prior knowledge I won't still know what is this for.

Author: ok updated

Author: updated with image

### `"type"` field

The `type` field is a string that reters to the type of the document, either `"TRANSFERABLE_RECORD"` or `"VERIFIABLE_DOCUMENT"`.

### `"defaults"` field

> The `defaults` field is an object that contains the settings that you have that are constant among the different documents of the same kind of file.

Reviewer: I think need to revisit this as it's not completely true with https://github.com/TradeTrust/document-creator-website/pull/26

Author: ok i check with raymond and will update this accordingly.

Usually the document store address, token registry address, template, issuers, company logo, signatures, etc. are stored here, since they are a constant in the different documents of the same kind.

An example of the `"defaults"` field:

```json
"defaults": {
  "$template": {
    "type": "EMBEDDED_RENDERER",
    "name": "BILL_OF_LADING",
    "url": "https://demo-cnm.openattestation.com"
  },
  "issuers": [
    {
      "identityProof": {
        "type": "DNS-TXT",
        "location": "isaactest.xyz"
      },
      "name": "Demo Issuer",
      "tokenRegistry": "0x6D489a6A2cbcB76FcEeA26102d1273cd4d3B6b10"
    }
  ],
  "name": "Demo bill of lading"
}
```

> #### `"$template"` field

Reviewer: I think for all this it's better to point to open attestation or tradetrust, but not redefine here

Author: ok

Reviewer: same for issuers

Author: ok

The `$tempalte` field is an object that contains information about the [custom rendering template](./custom-template).

#### `"issuers"` field

The `issuers` is an array of the issuer object. The required fields for each issuer are `name`, `identityProof` and one of `documentStore` OR `tokenRegistry`.

Transferrable document will use a [`tokenRegistry`](./token-registry), where as, a verifiable document will use a `documentStore`.

The `name` field is a string that refers to the name of the issuer.

The `tokenRegistry` field is a string that refers to the address in which you deploy the token registry.

The `documentStore` field is a string that refers to the address in which you deploy the document store.

The `identityProof` field is an object that requires the field `type` and `location`.

The `type` field is a string that refers to the type of configuration you have set up.

The `location` field is a string that refers to the domain url in which you have set up the configured DNS.

### `"schema"` field

> For the schema we are using JSON schema to populate the form.

Reviewer: The `schema` field is an object used to generate a form. It follows JSON schema format (with a link)

Author: ok

The construction of the schema is defived from when you are constructing your custom renderer.

The fields in here must match the one in your specific custom renderer.

> If not it will now display on the custom renderer.

Reviewer: - There are typos (defived => derived, now => not)
- Without a bit of knowledge it's very hard to understand what you mean here. Also I dont think that linking to what expect a custom renderer help. Maybe it's better to focus on the expected data shape or whatever: `The structure of the schema will be derived from the structure of the document you expect to build. It will probably be a subset of an already existing schema without the data that you expect to be constants accross your document`.

Author: ok fixed the typos and updated the description

An example of the `"schema"` field:

```json
"schema": {
  "type": "object",
  "required": ["blNumber"],
  "properties": {
    "blNumber": {
      "type": "string",
      "title": "BL number"
    },
    "item": {
      "type": "string",
      "title": "Goods"
    }
  }
}
```

### `"Attachments"` field

> This `"attachments"` field contains the information about the required attachments for this document.

Reviewer: this make it looks like adding the attachments property will force any document to have attachments (but I dont think it's the case)

Author: ok

An example of the `"attachments"` field:

```
"attachments": {
  "allow": true,

>   "accept": ".pdf, .tt, .json, .jpg"

Reviewer: why isnt this an array ?

Author: the library we use accepts both strings and array, will change it to an array and update the validation over at doc creator.
